Wanderers speak their own language (first of several PRs to remove Hai Reveal as a requirement for the Wanderers Campaign) (#8487)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/wanderer/wanderers start.txt

mission "Wanderers: Translation Machine"
	description "Find language training data at <destination> so the Wanderers can create an automated language translator."
	landing
	source "Vara K'chrai"
	destination "Alexandria"
	substitutions

> 		"<Library search>" `Traveling through the library in search for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm raises an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. You guessed that even fifty Bulk Freighters wouldn't be enough to carry all the tomes and data cores from the Alexandria library. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Reviewer: One issue here, we've already established that you can get basically the sum of human historical data on a storage you can carry yourself.
Right now, you can store well more data cold than you would ever need for training translation in media you could fit into a backpack.

I think this should be a matter where you should need to acquire a set of data that is comprehensive but structured, not just a carte blanche of content that might be centuries out of date, linguistically.

I do not know if the player might have a way of being told to look for this specifically, or if it might be something which requires you to make multiple trips because the first data batch only works well enough for you to realise there's an issue and have them explain better criteria for data to bring back.

Author: Whatever is in there will be in the language of modern day since it is intended to be understandable by people who know only the common language. That large of a quantity of data is easily enough to train a machine learning algorithm to translate.

> 		"<Library search>" `Travelling through the library in search for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm raises an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. You guessed that even fifty Bulk Freighters wouldn't be enough to carry all the tomes and data cores from the Alexandria library. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Author: ```suggestion
		"<Library search>" `Traveling through the library in search for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm raises an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. You guess that even fifty Bulk Freighters wouldn't be enough to carry all the tomes and data cores from the Alexandria library. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`
```

Author: I already fixed the Travelling spelling error, but I wanted to highlight the "guess" vs "guessed" change I'd like to make.

> 		"<Library search>" `You travel through the library searching for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm, but you have an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. Even fifty Bulk Freighters would be unable to carry all the tomes and data cores of Alexandria library. Someone with expertise in natural language processing would know what to do. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Author: I think, in your changes, "guessed" should be "guess" because the rest of the experience is in present tense. Recall that Captain Last may not have ever been to Alexandria Library, and thus may have no idea how many Bulk Freighters would be needed to transport it until arriving at the library.

> 		"<Library search>" `You travel through the library searching for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm, but you have an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. Even fifty Bulk Freighters would be unable to carry all the tomes and data cores of Alexandria library. Someone with expertise in natural language processing would know what to do. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Author: Also, I'm not a fan of telling the player what they think, since it restricts the paths their mind can take when perceiving the story. Instead of saying what they guess, I'd rather describe the surroundings.

> 		"<Library search>" `You travel through the library searching for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm, but you have an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. Even fifty Bulk Freighters would be unable to carry all the tomes and data cores of Alexandria library. Someone with expertise in natural language processing would know what to do. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Reviewer 2: Definitely don't want to tell the player what to think, although the former makes it seem like <first> <last> knows for a certainty what 50 Bulk Freighters could carry, which feels more restrictive. The "You guess" adds ambiguity to an otherwise specific number. I'd either go with that, or just a general "fleet of" Bulk Freighters personally.

> 		"<Library search>" `You travel through the library searching for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm, but you have an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. Even fifty Bulk Freighters would be unable to carry all the tomes and data cores of Alexandria library. Someone with expertise in natural language processing would know what to do. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Reviewer 3: Well, fifty Bulk Freighters is something like 12,500 tons. That's information you can get in the game. I thought 50 was a big enough number that was ambiguous enough that it sounded outlandish, but I suppose "a fleet", or even bigger, "an armada", is good enough?

> 		"<Library search>" `You travel through the library searching for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm, but you have an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. Even fifty Bulk Freighters would be unable to carry all the tomes and data cores of Alexandria library. Someone with expertise in natural language processing would know what to do. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Reviewer 4: Yee, it's often a problem of mine with writing too long, using past tenses.

As for the thought, I'm not too much a fan of being told information, so it's a minor compromise for the Reader to know what to think.

> 		"<Library search>" `You travel through the library searching for data suitable for training the Wanderer translation algorithm, but you have an unexpected problem: you're surrounded by it. Even fifty Bulk Freighters would be unable to carry all the tomes and data cores of Alexandria library. Someone with expertise in natural language processing would know what to do. Asking around, you're referred to a research librarian who develops automated translation algorithms for dead languages.`

Author: I changed "guessed" to "guess," but I'm not hearing consensus on any other wording.

			`	They respond, and Sayari translates, "They say that their species has encountered many other species in the past, and always has found those encounters to be valuable. Although..." She pauses to listen as the Wanderers continue speaking. "Although, they say that in their travels, far more often than they encounter living species, they instead only find themselves sifting through the refuse of a species that has destroyed itself through war or carelessness. They hope that you are not such a species, because..." Again she pauses as the Wanderers speak, then says, "Because, they hate to make new friends only to lose them again."`
			
			label end

> 			`	Speaking through Sayari, you try to reassure the Wanderers that you have peaceful intentions. They speak with her for a while longer. "They say that I will be allowed to stay here as an ambassador," She informs you. "They will also let you land on most of their worlds, but will not welcome any other Hai into their territory. I fear they distrust the Hai because of the actions of the Unfettered, and being associated with me may harm your chances to win their favor.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	Speaking through Sayari, you try to reassure the Wanderers that you have peaceful intentions. They speak with her for a while longer. "They say that I will be allowed to stay here as an ambassador," she informs you. "They will also let you land on most of their worlds, but will not welcome any other Hai into their territory. I fear they distrust the Hai because of the actions of the Unfettered, and being associated with me may harm your chances to win their favor.`
```

			`	"I'll have to remain here, so you'll need another way to communicate with them..." She pauses to talk to the Wanderers. "They're willing to create a translation device so you can communicate without an intermediary, but they need a large amount of data to train their algorithms. Human literature, speeches, interactive programs; anything with language and context."`
			choice
				`	"Where can I find the data?"`

> 			`	"Your people have a large library at <planet>. You should fly there and find something suitable."`

Reviewer 6: This line could be expanded on a bit, perhaps with some aspects similar to Eruk's description from the current version.
Currently, Eruk mentions that he heard of it from some of the Humans in Hai space, and also mentions that the station is home to 'a database of human literature and history'. I think it would be good to include such details, rather than just calling it 'a large library'.

Author: Agreed. It is disappointingly small, and I will borrow from Eruk's text to lengthen it.

Author: I have adapted Eruk's words to Sayari's mouth. How do you like it now?

> 			`	"In the region of your space known as the Deep, there is a station named <planet>, with a vast library. It houses cultural artifacts, the literature and history of your people, documentation of modern events, and every other piece of information an librarian thought to archive. Certainly, there will be something suitable for training an algorithm."`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			`	"In the region of your space known as the Deep, there is a station named <planet>, with a vast library. It houses cultural artifacts, the literature and history of your people, documentation of modern events, and every other piece of information a librarian thought to archive. Certainly, there will be something suitable for training an algorithm."`
```

				accept
	on accept
		"reputation: Wanderer" >?= 10
	on complete
		set "human cultural data"
		payment -40
		conversation
			`<Library search> She directs you to the museum gift shop, where, to your surprise, you could buy the full "Human Cultural Archive" for a mere 40 credits.`
				to display
					not "Bankrupt at Alexandria"
			`Now that you finally have 40 credits, you purchase the "Human Cultural Archive" that you must take to <planet>.`
				to display
					has "Bankrupt at Alexandria"
	on visit
		set "Bankrupt at Alexandria"
		conversation
			`<Library search> She directs you to the museum gift shop, to buy the "Human Cultural Archive" for 40 credits.`
			`	Unfortunately, you have done such a horrible job at managing your finances you do not have even that much cash on hand right now.`

> 			`	Go earn some money, then return here.`

Reviewer: This, for example, is the data set that might be somewhat misleading if used to train the algorithm en masse.
I'm sure it contains many things that would lead to archaic language being used that'd make no sense to you.

Author: It won't be in an archaic language. Whatever is in there will be in the language of modern day since it is intended to be understandable by people who know only the common language.

Reviewer 7: Long term storage of bulk data is generally done in original language, not copied from translations or translated on sight (especially scanned text).

There absolutely is almost certainly a translated explanation/summary of just about everything in that archive, but the majority of its capacity will be in hundreds of different human languages.

A specific translation database for the hundreds of different human languages all into the most common current one (which we already do have now, for multiple different current languages, even, so should definitely be even more refined in another thousand years) would be exceedingly helpful for developing translation into human from alien, regardless, though.

Reviewer 8: My general assumption is that the "Human cultural archive" that one can buy in the gift shop is not, in fact, the sum total of the entire library in archival format, but rather a curated cross section of human culture. Most tourists, for instance, probably don't have too much interest (or capacity) to understand some random book in the original language from 500 years ago, for instance. Likewise, I strongly doubt that it has *everything* humanity has produced. To use a modern example, if someone created a "Human cultural archive" for the 20th century, I wouldn't expect it to have a copy of every episode of every TV show ever produced. Nor every book written during the time period, or every movie. Assuming space wasn't a serious limitation, I'd expect it to have something like the top ten thousand TV show episodes deemed by anthropologists, sociologists, and other experts, to be the best representations of human culture and society during the time period. If we're being generous, maybe the top hundred thousand books and the top several hundred movies. (For comparison, there were roughly 3 million books published in 2010, depending on definitions (310k traditional books, another 2.7M e-books of various kinds)). Even assuming storage densities can pack hundreds of terrabytes into that little storage device, I doubt it could hold even 0.1% of the sum of human culture. Which means filtering and selection has to take place, presumably by the cultural experts on staff.

 I think it's a lot more likely that this cultural archive is one of two things:

a) a carefully generated data file that has been processed and annotated to work with human translation software so that it can generate the most accurate possible rendering in whatever the user's language happens to be. 

b) a multi-lingual file that contains all the contained works in pre-translated media files in a whatever the most common languages are today.

Honorable mention to the third pseudo fair option: Each archive is either randomly or sequentially generated from the sum contents of the library, such that every one of them has a similar but not identical cross section of human culture. Given enough data archives, the entirety of the library could be assembled (probably millions), but the only a tiny fraction would be present on any one archive. (For instance, every archive might have, say, a loony tunes cartoon episode. But each one has a different episode.)

mission "Wanderers: Algorithm Training Data"
	description "Bring a copy of the human cultural archives to <destination> so the Wanderers can train an automated translation algorithm."
	landing
	source "Alexandria"
	destination "Vara K'chrai"
	to offer
		has "Wanderers: Translation Machine: done"
	on complete
		event "wanderer translator available" 56
		conversation

> 			`A Wanderer meets you after you land and you hand them the data card. They plug it into a mango-sized machine which seems to adjust its data card slot to match the shape of the card on the way in. The Wanderer makes clicking and whistling noises while manipulating the device. Eventually, the device spits out the phrases, "[Enter, bring] three and five. Within [truth, lies], the pleasant [cow, nova] tickles me [thoughtfully, gracefully]."`

Reviewer: This is a little bit excessively deus ex machina. As advanced as the wanderers are, a handheld device for machine learning translation on a data set like that feels a little much, though perhaps less so if it's only designed to make a basic assessment of data suitability, and gets combined with a possible need to return and get a more refined data set.

Author: I will adjust the story so Sayari had given them a data card reader that they adapted to their technology.

A handheld device is rarely more than an interface: your phone does almost nothing; it is backed by cloud computing. Whatever it is the Wanderer is holding, it is likely backed by a much larger computing center elsewhere that is translating in real-time. With the vast quantity of data Captain Last provided, translating a short phrase is feasible in twenty minutes of back-and-forth.

Really, apart from the mango data-card, this a very most real-world-realistic part of the mission.

Author: Captain Last, of course, would not know the mango is backed by a cloud computing center. The story cannot outright state that. However, given that our own society now works off of hand-held devices backed by cloud computing centers, it should be a reasonable assumption to most users. (Or do people think their phones really do have maps of all streets in the world and have the computing capacity to chart a route from Paris to Beijing by bike?)

Author: It is now a "fat data pad with several different types of data card slots."

There is nothing "deus ex machina" about a device with a connection to cloud services, so I so no need for other changes.

	landing
	source "Vara K'chrai"
	to offer
		or
			has "event: wanderer translator available"
			# For users before wanderer translator:
			has "language: Wanderers"
			has "event: wanderer technology available"
	on offer
		event "wanderer technology available"
		set "license: Wanderer Outfits"

> 		log "Received a translation device and used it to speak with a Wanderer ambassador named Iktat Rek. They granted permission to purchase some of their technology, but not their ships."

Author: ```suggestion
		log "Received a translation device and used it to speak with a Wanderer ambassador named Iktat Rek. He granted me permission to purchase some Wanderers technology, but not their ships."
```

This wording makes more sense to me, as it is explicit about where the permission came from.

		conversation
			`After you land, a group of Wanderers take you to the engineer from your last meeting. The engineer seemed rather happy as it presented the device to you, saying: "It will [function, succeed] at speeches of typical [speed, tempo], however..." They start speaking faster, demonstrating the gibberish results it produces. "This is Iktat Rek," they slow down, gesturing to another Wanderer. "He is [appointed, chosen] as the official [envoy, bearer] for human [visitors, couriers]."`
			`	Rek is slightly larger than most of the Wanderers you have seen, with muted white and brown plumage and a calm, dignified bearing. "It is very [rare, exceptional] in our history that we have to [deal with, cope with] other species," he says, "and now we find ourselves [dealing, coping] with two at once."`
			choice
				`	"How did you learn the Hai language?"`
					goto language
				`	"How long have you been fighting the Unfettered Hai?"`
					goto fighting
				`	"Why were you able to create a translation device so quickly?"`

			# Wanderer AI technology is far beyond ours, and we can already automatically translate languages this well. Of course they can too.

> 			`	"[Automated, machine] language translation is a [primitive, early] application of machine [learning, intelligence]. For us it is [elementary, instinctual] mathematics. Our [thinkers, tinkerers] told me that most of the [work, enjoyment] was adapting the [interface, conceptualization, mechanism] to a human mind."`

Reviewer: Wait, sorry, _how_ does this translator work again? Are you hearing things from induced brainwave patterns or something?

Author: This is a tier 2 race that specializes in manipulating lifeforms on a planetary scale. They're not limited to primitive technologies like the humans and Hai. Certainly, a brain interface is within their abilities.

However, that was not what I was trying to imply. I'll remove the word "mind."

Author: Hmmm... or maybe I should double down on the brain interface? It sounds a lot more interesting and certainly within the Wanderers' abilities.

Reviewer 7: Brain interface is almost certainly within reach of the Wanderer capacity, but it would have been clearly noticed if utilized, as well as making any other form of interface superfluous.

I don't think it's the right direction for a change here.

Let's save that for another group to explore more thoroughly.

Reviewer 8: Considering that humanity in 2023 is already poking at the fringes of Mind-Machine-Interfaces...

As alternatives, there's the classic heads-up visual display (google-glasses style thing), or an earpiece. I'm sure the Wanderers could make either one of those that is totally invisible(too small to see, invisibly thin contact lens, etc); but the action of taking an earpiece off the device and putting it on their head could be a useful visual thing just so the reader has some means of knowing what's happening.

Author: The word "mind" is gone. The interface is merely adapted to "a human."

			choice
				`	"How did you learn the Hai language?"`
					goto language
				`	"How long have you been fighting the Unfettered Hai?"`

> 					goto fighting

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```

				goto food
			
			label language
			`	"Recently we managed to [take, capture] some of them as prisoners," he says. "They have been [raiding, visiting] us for twenty [years, cycles]. At first they only stole unguarded stores of food, and fled if we approached. We allowed them to take it, because in our culture it is a [duty, obligation] to share our food with those who [ask for, demand] it. But recently they have become far more [aggressive, desperate]. They captured one of our worlds and killed many Wanderers, and we built warships and drove them back. Some of them tried to hide on the planet, and we made them our [prisoners, guests] and slowly learned their language."`
			choice
				`	"Why didn't you use your automated translation software instead?"`
				`	"Do you know what the Unfettered want?"`
					goto food

> 			`	"Having a [meaningful, successful] translation requires [copious, extensive] language data with [context, meaning]. The Unfettered [raiding, pirate] ships had no [cultural, heritage] library onboard," he says with what seemed like a hint of sarcasm in his words.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`	"Having a [meaningful, successful] translation requires [copious, extensive] language data with [context, meaning]. The Unfettered [raiding, pirate] ships had no [cultural, heritage] library onboard," he says with what seems like a hint of sarcasm in his words.`
```

			`It is possible that the worlds they currently inhabit were formerly part of Hai territory. That might explain why the Unfettered believe they have a right to take that territory back.`
		log "People" "Iktat Rek" `Rek is a Wanderer ambassador, a new and unusual profession among a species that until recently has had no contact with aliens except for the occasional Unfettered Hai raid. His job is to help the Wanderers develop a deeper relationship with humans.`
		conversation
			`After you land, a group of Wanderers take you to the engineer from your last meeting. Explaining the device, the engineer says, "It will [function, succeed] on speech of typical [speed, tempo], but-" As they speak faster, the translation device produces gibberish. "This is Iktat Rek," they say, gesturing to another Wanderer. "He is [appointed, chosen] as the official [envoy, bearer] for human [visitors, couriers]."`

> 			`	Rek is slightly larger than most of the Wanderers you have seen, with muted white and brown plumage and a calm, dignified bearing. "It is very [rare, exceptional] in our history that we have to [deal with, cope with] other species," he says, "and now we find ourselves [dealing with, coping with] two at once."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Rek is slightly larger than most of the Wanderers you have seen, with muted white and brown plumage and a calm, dignified bearing. "It is very [rare, exceptional] in our history that we have to [deal with, cope with] other species," he says, "and now we find ourselves [dealing, coping] with two at once."`
```

			choice
				`	"How did you learn the Hai language?"`
					goto language
				`	"How long have you been fighting the Unfettered Hai?"`
					goto fighting
				`	"Why were you able to create a translation device so quickly?"`

> 			# Point of note: we have this technology now, in the real world. This is a race that can

Reviewer 4: Couldn't this note be written into a single line?

Author: The comment is quite long and rambly. I can shorten it.

				goto food
			
			label language
			`	"Recently we managed to [take, capture] some of them as prisoners," he says. "They have been [raiding, visiting] us for twenty [years, cycles]. At first they only stole unguarded stores of food, and fled if we approached. We allowed them to take it, because in our culture it is a [duty, obligation] to share our food with those who [ask for, demand] it. But recently they have become far more [aggressive, desperate]. They captured one of our worlds and killed many Wanderers, and we built warships and drove them back. Some of them tried to hide on the planet, and we made them our [prisoners, guests] and slowly learned their language."`
			choice
				`	"Why didn't you use your automated translation software instead?"`
				`	"Do you know what the Unfettered want?"`
					goto food

> 			`	"Having a [meaningful, successful] translation requires [copious, extensive] language data with [context, meaning]. The Unfettered [raiding, pirate] ships had no [cultural, heritage] library onboard." You detect a hint of sarcasm in his words.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"Having a [meaningful, successful] translation requires [copious, extensive] language data with [context, meaning]. The Unfettered [raiding, pirate] ships had no [cultural, heritage] library onboard," he says with what seemed like a hint of sarcasm in his words.`
```

			branch hint
				has "Wanderers: Defend Vara Ke'sok Hint: done"
			`Soon after you land in the spaceport, there is a flurry of activity as many of the Wanderers fly to their ships, which begin to take off from the planet. In the sky, you see bright flashes that may be distant weapons fire or explosions.`

> 			`	You are buffeted by wind as one of the Wanderers lands next to your ship, speaking so quickly that your translator can barely keep up. "Unfettered [raider, pirate] fleet comes. We have put food on freighter, hope they take [offering, gift] and leave. If not [appeased, satisfied] you help convince them to leave. Yes?"`

Reviewer 4: Why did the translator suddenly degrade it's level of translation?

Author: The speaker is talking at the very limits of the machine's ability to translate, so it's producing something between "insightful translations" and "meaningless gibberish." This demonstrates that it isn't an on/off thing, but the device does the best it can with the available information.

Reviewer 4: I would love to see more instances of Translator breakdown, to show that this isn't infallible technology.

Author: There are several throughout the Wanderers campaign.

		has "Wanderers: Defended Vara Ke'sok: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`On <origin>, you meet up with Iktat Rek and the Hai ambassador Sayari, informing them of your efforts in driving off an Unfettered raid on the Wanderer water world of Vara Ke'sok. Sayari herself now has a Wanderer translator too, although it seems to only translate to English, like yours. "The situation is not [sustainable, livable]," says Rek. "Perhaps the Unfettered are the ones [chosen, intended] to [inherit, receive] the fruit of our labors here, but until the Eye beckons us to a new [home, place] we have nowhere else to go."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`On <origin>, you meet up with Iktat Rek and the Hai ambassador Sayari, informing them of your efforts in driving off an Unfettered raid on the Wanderer water world of Vara Ke'sok. Sayari herself now has a Wanderer translator too, although it seems to be a copy of yours as it's not translating to Hai. "The situation is not [sustainable, livable]," says Rek. "Perhaps the Unfettered are the ones [chosen, intended] to [inherit, receive] the fruit of our labors here, but until the Eye beckons us to a new [home, place] we have nowhere else to go."`
```

I don't like how it explicitly says English now, for the same reason I didn't like all the times the HR campaign mentioned "Human Standard".

Author: Agreed. I didn't notice that (and several spelling errors) in the corrections from TheMarksman-ES

Reviewer 4: Wait. That's a thing now?
Then ya, use Human Standard.

Reviewer 3: Mmm, it's a thing I like to do. I wouldn't use Human Standard though, I think it's very cliché to explain everything away with a universal language, and since at the time only HR had any reference to Human Standard, it didn't make sense that nobody in human space mentioned it at all. So to me it's better to just not say anything and imply it's saying something you understand.

		has "Wanderers: Defended Vara Ke'sok: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`On <origin>, you meet up with Iktat Rek and the Hai ambassador Sayari, and tell them that you just helped to drive off an Unfettered raid on the Wanderer water world of Vara Ke'sok. Sayari has a Wanderer translator, too, and it seems to be translating to human like yours. "The situation is not [sustainable, livable]," says Rek. "Perhaps the Unfettered are the ones [chosen, intended] to [inherit, receive] the fruit of our labors here, but until the Eye beckons us to a new [home, place] we have nowhere else to go."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`On <origin>, you meet up with Iktat Rek and the Hai ambassador Sayari, informing them of your efforts in driving off an Unfettered raid on the Wanderer water world of Vara Ke'sok. Sayari herself now has a Wanderer translator too, although it seems to only translate to English, like yours. "The situation is not [sustainable, livable]," says Rek. "Perhaps the Unfettered are the ones [chosen, intended] to [inherit, receive] the fruit of our labors here, but until the Eye beckons us to a new [home, place] we have nowhere else to go."`
```

	on offer
		conversation
			`You land on <origin>, and Emeka'a Isai leads you to the building where the council of war is taking place. Sayari, the Hai diplomat, has also been invited, along with Iktat Rek and various other leaders. Rek looks even more bedraggled than before: his wings are drooping, and more of his feathers are out of place.`

> 			`	It is not entirely clear to you who outranks whom in the meeting, or even what roles the different participants have. To make matters worse, they're talking much faster than your translator can process. Rek and Isai speak slowly so that you and Sayari can be included, but when the conversation gets heated they speed up, in a cacophony of clicks and whistles.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	It is not entirely clear to you who outranks whom in the meeting, or even what roles the different participants have. To make matters worse, they're talking much faster than your translator can process. Rek and Isai speak slowly so that you and Sayari can be included, but when the conversation gets heated they speed up in a cacophony of clicks and whistles.`
```

	`	"We gather a large fleet above Cloudfire," one of the elders says, "and shortly afterward the Unfettered unveil this new ship. Perhaps it is only right that we respond in kind with a ship of our own."`
	`	"My son is an engineer," another elder says. "He helped create our Centipede and Geocoris ships, both as a result of the humans living among us. Perhaps he would be of assistance in creating a ship to respond to the Unfettered." The elder presses a button and leans over to a microphone. "Please bring Osen into the council chamber."`
	`	A short while later, the elder's son enters the chamber and introduces himself to the council. They tell him about the Unfettered having created a carrier and the need for a new ship to be created as a response, and Osen's eyes go wide.`

> 	`	"I have precisely the ship! My team has been developing a ship for many years that carries a squadron of drones. We have functional prototypes, but they are not yet complete. We are still developing technology to repair the hull of a ship in flight, which would make this ship and its drones much more effective."`

Author: ```suggestion
	`	"I have precisely the ship! My team has been developing a ship for many years that carries a squadron of drones. There are functional prototypes, but they are not yet complete. We are still developing technology to repair the hull of a ship in flight, which would make this ship and its drones much more effective."`
```

"We" twice in a row also seems awkward. Not sure if this is the best fix.
